hey this is k-dog and this is my part
two video of how to get through the
Jabba the Hutt door in star wars star
wars that wheat saga and this part we
will show you what the characters look
like and how um and what I thought were
some of the hardest levels cuz of where
the characters were now these are this
is what its gonna look like now down
below these are all the characters like
I said before now um let me just show
you oh we're gonna go outside okay
okay you see my money at the top that
was six
that was six six eight thousand now I
got all the money from that just redoing
these now let me just let me show you
which ones here
okay so here's qui gonn again these are
all pretty easy this one I thought was a
hard one because you really had to go
around looking for him if you didn't
really know where to go
oh and if you're looking how to do these
if you find them on YouTube or something
they're all the same that you star in a
different order so stop burping okay
stop party - okay so up here I'm gonna
Duke it pizza and show you the
characters
this is just the stuff it tells you it's
really nothing you don't really need it
so let me just skip this you can read it
if you want but okay see here I'm gonna
zoom in for you to see the characters
okay so this got a tumor right here this
is um one of them this okay
this is Bossk
this is ding ding gar he's one of them
you need this is IG this is ig-88 this
is Bosque no sorry this is for long and
this is boba fett now let me just show
you Boba Fett looks like this he'll be
the best gift there he there he is
that's it that's all you gotta do now
I'm gonna show you how much money they
give you just from the time that's a lot
so if you want to restart if you want to
get more money if your time is low
because then you really know where they
are so now you know all the characters
I'm just gonna go through with you the
levels that were harder that we're hard
as well so now I gotta go these were
pretty much all these were easy so far
dad Yoda was well no that wasn't really
hard
let's Orlando that was tricky okay let
me show you this one I'm not gonna do
anything in or anything because you like
already know I showed you and those are
just the thing it's a different name of
the top every time so here
now after this is one pretty long video
I'm gonna cut up I'm gonna stop after
this and started a new one so it's part
three cuz this is a pretty long one yeah
I get through a man punch punch
good come on come on come on come on boy
Oh with ig-88 there you are
now you need I G 88 for like um the
doors some doors won't work like that
one over there like C ig-88 can act as
r2d2 r2d2 or c-3po he does not matter
this is all just to see if I'm just
shooting that you don't really need to
do that's really useless although when
you want to get past some of these guys
you really have to and like I said
before at ig-88 works like r2d2 and c3po
they he can also go through these gases
that you see a bounty on her has these
four weapons guns a bomb he can also
jump this one guy can some King jump
double jump
some King Nolan jumped once and here's
land oh it was pretty hard the first
time you may see EEZ since you watched
the video but if you don't it gets
really complicated so I'm gonna cancel
right now and start a new video bye